We said we were going to try to solve this problem using machine learning techniques.
But what this machine in it is the science of getting computers to just like humans to particular to
extract patterns from information as we do.
We do that by feeding them data and information of the world and trying to teach them the underlying
patterns and information.
Machines can outperform humans in this task.
And what is the difference between machine learning is a part of what it is based on learning the data
presentations that's different to that specific algorithms that are part of the broader machine learning.
Learning can be sober by us semi supervised or unsupervised although we could tackle this problem with
some unsupervised learning technique where we use so-called mice running alone.
That means that we will need to teach our network input and expected output as well.
In our case the input will be a new credit card transaction and the old label will be in information
that says that they response to a fraudulent transaction or in order to turn those transactions apart
we're going to do some free exchange.
We're going to try to extract the most relevant information to our classification problem.
Those extracted features will be represented with X-1 and next to as shown this can be for examples.
The user's IP location and its COM objects that will be put to the person that that's the most basic
unit in any narrowing and those boots will be multiplied by weights represented by W 1 and w 2 B is
just a bias and the output of the equation that you're seeing will be just assume or one form of training
a neural network is to find the optimal doubling we want it to be optimal by use should not only be
the last for a single transaction but for the entire data set into any new transaction that might come
after us up.
But just knowing your question might not be enough to solve our problem.
So that's why we usually concatenate different person turns into more complex than that.
So just one can see by now they can see two notations of the same architecture.
They always pick one next to and then wait that we need to train our own waste.
Don't you one want you to want that sensor also notice how we can pull our submarines together at the
same level or stack them up in different layers.
Connecting once the layers are put into another layer simpled we can create really complex architectures
such as the ones that we're seeing the first layer when we call input layer.
And the last layer will be called output layer and all the layers in between will just be called layers.
That's it for now.
Don't worry if you didn't get a briefing we'll pick this up in next week.